------------------------------------------------------------------------

          -     Insanity Mud Newbie Immortal HandBook     -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Welcome! 
-------

   As new Imms you have a great responsibilty on this mud. You are now in
charge of all Newbies that log on to the mud. It is not a service that all
muds provide so being the kind hearted folk we are, we decided to try to
help our newest players along a bit. While you can't help them outright you
can "suggest" things that may help them. Below are some of the rules, while
this handbook doesn't cover "all" the rules the "main" handbook does a good
job of filling in the rest. Also, there may arise certain circumstances
that aren't covered in either handbook, if you find this happening it
doesn't necessarily mean it's "allowed", so in the best interest of both
the mud and player, we suggest that you contact the Imps by either mud
mail, e-mail or catch us if you see us so we can deal with this problem and
come up with a solution. We recommend that you don't do anything that isn't
covered as it may be cosidered cheating and therefore you will lose your
level. While this job may seem boring and you may not consider it
important, it will be the start of your training for advancement. So, in
effect, doing a great job in this position could possibly get you promoted,
doing a rotten job in this position will result in you losing your level
and being demoted back to mortal. We wish you the best of luck and if you
have any questions  or need advice, please feel free to talk to the other
members of our team. :)

_____________________________________________________

- Do not load any eq, money, mobs, etc... for players.

- Do not give any eq, money, mobs, etc... for players.

- Do not open doors and such for players, let them figure these things out
  for themselves. But you can suggest how they may go about opening doors
  by explaining "key words" to them. Key words being the word you need to
  open a door/hidden exits.

- Also you may explain to them about hidden exits, as they may not have
  encountered these before and may not know how to go about finding one.

- Do not summon or transfer *any* player.

- Do not restore levels, equipment, money, quest points, stats and the
  like.

- Help them with their "toggles/autos" if they need it. Toggles/autos
  being autoassist, autogold, and like.

- Answer all questions they may have to the best of your ability. If you
  don't know please contact a God or higher to help. We do have a fairly
  extensive help file on hand so look in there first.

- Do not assist in any way towards getting money, equipment, levels, or
  killing mobs or other players.

- Once a player reaches level 10 they will be transported to their
  hometown, you may show the player around "on foot" to their guild, and   the various shops in their hometown.

- Do not purchase equipment for players. 

- Also you may suggest that they level in their hometown for a while as
  it's set up for levels 10-20. You can also suggest possible other spots
  that they can level but don't guide them there, we want all players to
  explore the mud, not play only in certain areas.


While this handbook is mainly for new Imms, it is suggested that *all* Imms
and Gods follow these rules.


